1. Before doing any other investigation, list two or three questions that this infographic
and explanation of methodology raise in your mind.

	Some initial questions I have about this infographic is, what do the colors mean? How is it determined that people are searching for these foods after a breakup? Are people giving info that they've just had a breakup? It says milkshake is the most popular, are they determining most popular by the number of states that have it as the highest, or is population of each state a determining factor?


2. Where can you find Google Trends search data? Provide the URL.
	
	https://trends.google.com/trends/


3. The article concluded that “milkshakes take the crown as the ultimate breakup food,
topping the list in six states.” Pull up Google Trends data on Milkshake (beverage) and
change the date range to February 1, 2024 through February 28, 2025.

	a) What is the highest peak recorded in the line chart for “Interest over time”?
		The highest peak recorded is "100"

	b) What is the lowest dip recorded?
		The lowest dip recorded is "66"


4. At the top next to the box for “Milkshake,” there is a plus sign to add another search
term. Click the plus sign to add a search for Hamburger (Food).

	a) What is the highest peak recorded for searches using Hamburger? What is the lowest dip?
		The highest peak record for Hamburger is 100, while the lowest is 70.

	b) What happened to the line for Milkshake? What do the high and low look like now?
		The line for milkshake dropped to a 35 high and 23 low.


5. Why did the line for Milkshake change? Hint: Click on the icon next to “Interest
over time” for more information about how trend results are displayed.

	The line for Milkshake changed so much because the values displayed are relative to what is being compared. When we just searched for milkshake trends by itself, the values of 100 meant it was milkshakes peak interest for itself. However, once you added hamburger, which milkshakes have about a third of the interest of, all of milkshakes values went down.


6. Add a third term to your search, this time for Breakup (Topic).

	a) Do you see any patterns that suggest a relationship between searches for Breakup and Hamburger?
		Breakup and Hamburger seem to have a similar rising trend from November to December, however nothing else on the graph seems to show any correlation.
		
	b) How about between Breakup and Milkshake?
		Although they both dip at the start of the year, I don't see much correlation between Breakup and Milkshake.


7. What does all of this suggest about the reliability of the conclusions reached in the
article?
	
	The conclusions reached in this article, after exploring the methodology do not seem very reliable, it is very difficult for me to see the correlation between breakups and food using only the data from Google Trends.


8. At the upper right of Google Trends, click on the link for “Back to Classic Explore.”
Notice that this view includes a section for “Compared breakdown by subregion.”

	a) What was the top state by interest for Milkshake?
		Virginia
		
	b) What was the top state by interest for Hamburger?
		South Dakota


9. Use the download icon to download a csv file with these search trend results. Save it
to your DataAnalytics/week-01 folder as GTrends_milkshake_hamburger_2024.csv

	Done!

10. OPTIONAL: Spend a little more time exploring Google Trends results for other
“breakup foods” listed in the article. Some more food for thought:

	a) What are the differences you notice between searching for between searching for a term as a “search term” versus as a categorical term? What thoughts does this raise in your mind about working with Google Trends data?
∗ For example, compare “Milkshake (beverage)” to “Milkshake (search term)”, then compare “Hamburger (Food)” to “Burger (search term)”
		A major difference is that the categorical terms have higher values than the search terms. This goes against what I initially thought, that search terms encompassed all searches including the keywords, while the categorical terms were subset of the search terms.


	b) Try comparing “Hamburger (Food)” to some search terms oriented toward pop
culture or current events. For instance, you might compare to “football” or
“olympics.” What do you notice? What do you think other patterns in search
behavior might represent?
		Pop culture and events seem to have a lot of influence on interest on Google. Depending on the time of year, interest for these events and things related have similar trends to each other.	
	


	
	
